README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img width="480px" height="auto" src="https://i.imgur.com/FS3lNJQ.png" align="center" alt="Selfium" />

</p>
<p align="center">
    <img alt="Project language" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Python-blue"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/issues"><img alt="GitHub issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/caiocinel/Selfium"></a>
    <img alt="GitHub license" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/caiocinel/Selfium"></a>
    <br />
</p>
<p>Selfium is an open source Self-Bot project for Discord, with several functions and possibilities. API Wrapper by <a href="https://github.com/dolfies/discord.py-self">discord.py-self</a>.</p>

# Getting Stated

    git clone https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium
    cd Selfium
    pip install -r requirements.txt

# Configuration

***New - We are testing a new feature where the settings file is created automatically. Forget about editing files manually, you will be asked to enter your Token and Prefix when needed.***


Your settings are stored in **"/data/config.json"**, in it you can find all your settings, but be very careful when manipulating and sharing this file in public, as no information is encrypted.


|                                         Configs                                          |               Description               |
| :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------: |
| [Token](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEgFvgg7ZPI)| It's your account authentication key, don't give it to anyone |
| Prefix    |It is the first character that will be used to identify if it is a Selfium command|
| NotifyTime   |It's the time that Selfium notifications will be visible|
| sniperToken>Enabled   |Status of Nitro Sniper|
| sniperToken>Token   |Account token that nitro will be redeemed (if not filled in, current account will be used)|

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<p align="center">
    <h2 align="center">Features</h2>
</b >

We are still taking the initial steps in the development of this project, new features appear all the time.

|Function|Description|
|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------: |
|[avatar](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/avatar.py) |Shows the avatar of the Mentioned user|
|[ban](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/ban.py)    |Ban user from Guild|
|[banAll](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/banAll.py)    |Ban all users from Server|
|[categories](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/categories.py)   |Displays all categories on the server, including those you cannot see|
|[channels](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/channels.py)   |Displays all channels on the server, including those you cannot see|
|[changeToken](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/changeToken.py)   |Change Client Token|
|[deleteAllChannels](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/deleteAllChannels.py)   |Delete all Server Channels|
|[embed](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/embed.py)   |Send a Embed to Channel with provided content|
|[deleteOwnMessages](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/deleteOwnMessages.py)   |Delete all your messages from a channel|
|[deleteMyMessages](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/deleteOwnMessages.py)   |Deletes the amount of messages sent by you|
|[inviteInfo](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/inviteInfo.py)   |Displays information about an invite link|
|[ip](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/inviteInfo.py)   |Displays information about provided ip|
|[kick](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/kick.py)   |Kick user from Guild|
|[kickAll](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/kick.py)   |Kick all users from Guild|
|[messageLogging](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/logMessages.py)   |Write all received messages in a file|
|[leaveAllServers](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/leaveAllServers.py)   |Quit all servers the client is on|
|[nitroSniper](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/giftSniper.py)   |Redeem all received nitro gifts|
|[reload](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/reload.py)   |Reboot Selfium to Apply Settings|
|[renameAll](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/renameAll.py)   |Defines the name of all server members|
|[renameAllChannels](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/renameAllChannels.py)   |Defines the name of all server channels|
|[richPresence](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/richPresence.py)   |Allows you to customize the activity displayed on the account|
|[serverBanner](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/serverBanner.py)   |Show server banner|
|[serverInfo](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/serverInfo.py)   |Displays information about the current server|
|[serverLogo](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/serverLogo.py)   |Show server logo|
|[setServerName](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/setServerName.py)   |Define a new name for the server|
|[textChannels](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/textChannels.py)   |Displays all text channels on the server, including those you cannot see|
|[tokenInfo](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/tokenInfo.py)   |Displays information about the token entered (be careful)|
|[userInfo](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/userInfo.py)   |Displays information about mentioned user|
|[prefix](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/prefix.py)   |Change Prefix used in Commands|
|[unban](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/xkick.py)   |Unban user from Guild using ID|
|[voiceChannels](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/voiceChannels.py)   |Displays all voice channels on the server, including those you cannot see|
|[banbyid](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/xban.py)    |Ban user from Guild using ID|
|[kickbyid](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/xkick.py)   |Kick user from Guild using ID|


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



# Read more

Selfbots are against Discord's terms of use, use it responsibly.

The code quality is pretty bad, this is a project made with a focus on learning the Python programming language, if you can, contribute a Pull Request :)


Developed by [@caiocinel](https://github.com/caiocinel) and [@ZeusHay](https://github.com/ZeusHay)
</p>

Commit message:

Add Notify Types
Now you can use messages to notifications in any servers, just use
<prefix>Notify commands

(this commit also removes config file explain)

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img width="480px" height="auto" src="https://i.imgur.com/FS3lNJQ.png" align="center" alt="Selfium" />

</p>
<p align="center">
    <img alt="Project language" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Python-blue"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/issues"><img alt="GitHub issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/caiocinel/Selfium"></a>
    <img alt="GitHub license" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/caiocinel/Selfium"></a>
    <br />
</p>
<p>Selfium is an open source Self-Bot project for Discord, with several functions and possibilities. API Wrapper by <a href="https://github.com/dolfies/discord.py-self">discord.py-self</a>.</p>

# Getting Stated

    git clone https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium
    cd Selfium
    pip install -r requirements.txt

# Configuration

***New - We are testing a new feature where the settings file is created automatically. Forget about editing files manually, you will be asked to enter your Token and Prefix when needed.***


Your settings are stored in **"/data/config.json"**, in it you can find all your settings, but be very careful when manipulating and sharing this file in public, as no information is encrypted.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<p align="center">
    <h2 align="center">Features</h2>
</b >

We are still taking the initial steps in the development of this project, new features appear all the time.

|Function|Description|
|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------: |
|[avatar](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/avatar.py) |Shows the avatar of the Mentioned user|
|[ban](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/ban.py)    |Ban user from Guild|
|[banAll](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/banAll.py)    |Ban all users from Server|
|[categories](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/categories.py)   |Displays all categories on the server, including those you cannot see|
|[channels](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/channels.py)   |Displays all channels on the server, including those you cannot see|
|[changeToken](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/changeToken.py)   |Change Client Token|
|[deleteAllChannels](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/deleteAllChannels.py)   |Delete all Server Channels|
|[embed](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/embed.py)   |Send a Embed to Channel with provided content|
|[deleteOwnMessages](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/deleteOwnMessages.py)   |Delete all your messages from a channel|
|[deleteMyMessages](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/deleteOwnMessages.py)   |Deletes the amount of messages sent by you|
|[inviteInfo](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/inviteInfo.py)   |Displays information about an invite link|
|[ip](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/inviteInfo.py)   |Displays information about provided ip|
|[kick](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/kick.py)   |Kick user from Guild|
|[kickAll](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/kick.py)   |Kick all users from Guild|
|[messageLogging](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/logMessages.py)   |Write all received messages in a file|
|[notify](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/notify.py)   |Allows you to choose how command notifications are displayed|
|[leaveAllServers](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/leaveAllServers.py)   |Quit all servers the client is on|
|[nitroSniper](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/giftSniper.py)   |Redeem all received nitro gifts|
|[reload](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/reload.py)   |Reboot Selfium to Apply Settings|
|[renameAll](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/renameAll.py)   |Defines the name of all server members|
|[renameAllChannels](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/renameAllChannels.py)   |Defines the name of all server channels|
|[richPresence](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/richPresence.py)   |Allows you to customize the activity displayed on the account|
|[serverBanner](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/serverBanner.py)   |Show server banner|
|[serverInfo](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/serverInfo.py)   |Displays information about the current server|
|[serverLogo](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/serverLogo.py)   |Show server logo|
|[setServerName](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/setServerName.py)   |Define a new name for the server|
|[textChannels](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/textChannels.py)   |Displays all text channels on the server, including those you cannot see|
|[tokenInfo](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/tokenInfo.py)   |Displays information about the token entered (be careful)|
|[userInfo](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/userInfo.py)   |Displays information about mentioned user|
|[prefix](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/prefix.py)   |Change Prefix used in Commands|
|[unban](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/xkick.py)   |Unban user from Guild using ID|
|[voiceChannels](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/voiceChannels.py)   |Displays all voice channels on the server, including those you cannot see|
|[banbyid](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/xban.py)    |Ban user from Guild using ID|
|[kickbyid](https://github.com/caiocinel/Selfium/blob/main/app/events/client/commands/xkick.py)   |Kick user from Guild using ID|


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



# Read more

Selfbots are against Discord's terms of use, use it responsibly.

The code quality is pretty bad, this is a project made with a focus on learning the Python programming language, if you can, contribute a Pull Request :)


Developed by [@caiocinel](https://github.com/caiocinel) and [@ZeusHay](https://github.com/ZeusHay)
</p>
